How to use okteto with coder.com (#34)
okteto/samples: coder/README.md

# Coder.com with Kubernetes

> This example shows how to leverage [Okteto](https://okteto.com) to develop a Python Sample App directly in the cloud using Code.com. The Python Sample App is deployed using raw Kubernetes manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to leverage [Okteto](https://okteto.com) to develop a Python Sample App directly in the cloud using [Coder](https://coder.com/). The Python Sample App is deployed using Kubernetes manifests.
```
